How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating "User Stories" help with this?
user needs are implemented into the program through "User Stories" which get user feedback from the user which the dev team will use too see what errors they have in their program and "user stories" allow for users too give their opinion on what they would like too see in the program and how they can improve the program. Using this information the dev team can improve their program based on the user needs and wants creating a better product for the users.
How do I appraoch developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development?
I approach developing programs using the agile method because I personally believe it is the best way too approach creating a program and the user feedback that it allows too happen is crucial for creating any program because the user feedback gives great insight into what the users are looking for in the product and what they want in the product as well. The test process of the agile method is crucial because testing the program is something everyone has to do when creating a program and testing on a weekly basis for the next cycle allows for huge leaps in progress and functionality in the program creating the best possible product at the end of the due date of the program.
What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
The first and most important way to be a good team member in software development is too be clear and unbias in communication because it is a huge part of working of any team, communication is important in almost everything we do and small mishaps in communication can lead too huge problems down the line, that is why being as clear as possible is important because it allows for effective communication but also prevents small mistakes from happening through communications. Another important thing to be a good team member is too make sure you reach your deadlines because alot of the times teams are split into different sections of a program and when one team misses a deadline it puts all the other teams behind because now they are waiting on the unfinished parts of the program too finish their work before they can move into the next cycle of development.
